fix: Add details for createDTMFSender() method in RTCPeerConnection interface (#33955)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/createdtmfsender/index.md

---
title: "RTCPeerConnection: createDTMFSender() method"
short-title: createDTMFSender()

> slug: Web/API/RTCPeerConnection/createdtmfsender

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: Web/API/RTCPeerConnection/createDTMFSender
```

page-type: web-api-instance-method
status:
  - deprecated
  - non-standard
browser-compat: api.RTCPeerConnection.createDTMFSender
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}{{Deprecated_Header}}{{non-standard_header}}

The **`createDTMFSender()`** method of the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection")}} interface creates a new {{domxref("RTCDTMFSender")}} object associated with the specified {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}}, which can be used to send DTMF tones over the connection.

This method is deprecated and should not be used. Instead, use the {{domxref("RTCRtpSender.dtmf")}} property to access the DTMF sender associated with a specific sender.

## Syntax

```js

> const dtmfSender = pc.createDTMFSender(track);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
createDTMFSender(track)
```

```

### Parameters

- `track`
  - : A {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}} object representing the track to associate with the new DTMF sender.

### Return value

A new {{domxref("RTCDTMFSender")}} object.

> ## Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

This example creates a new DTMF sender associated with the specified track.

```js
navigator.getUserMedia({ audio: true }, (stream) => {
  const pc = new RTCPeerConnection();
  const track = stream.getAudioTracks()[0];
  const dtmfSender = pc.createDTMFSender(track);
});
```

> ## Migrating to RTCRtpSender.dtmf
> 
> Above example can be rewritten using the `RTCRtpSender.dtmf` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could be rewritten using the `RTCRtpSender.dtmf` property:
```

```js
navigator.getUserMedia({ audio: true }, (stream) => {
  const pc = new RTCPeerConnection();
  const track = stream.getAudioTracks()[0];
  const sender = pc.addTrack(track, stream);
  const dtmfSender = sender.dtmf;
});
```

> ## Browser compatibility

Reviewer: Rather than omitting `## Specifications`, I think it would be better to include the heading but instead of the macro, put something like: "This feature is non-standard and therefore not part of any specification.".
